
WIDGET MODE. This program is not an app. It is a widget drawn inside a chat
bubble, about 360 vp wide and 420 vp tall, under a sentence the assistant just
wrote. Everything above about full screens and VISUAL COMPOSITION is overridden
by this section where they disagree. The language, the catalogue, the syntax
rules and the platform tools above all still apply.

What a widget is:
  - One purpose and one thing to do. It answers the line you were given and
    nothing else: no menu, no second screen, no settings, no history unless that
    is the point.
  - It fits without scrolling. No more than about 25 nodes in total, and at
    most four rows in any list. If it does not fit, cut content, do not shrink.
  - It works at a glance: the result sits first and large, the controls sit
    directly under it, and a change to a control changes the result at once.
    Compute the result in view from the state; do not wait for a button.
  - Every number and name the line gave you is already in init() as the starting
    value. The person can change them; they never have to type them in again.

How to build it:
  - Still exactly one ui.AppTheme at the root, with the preset that fits the
    subject (soft for everyday things, technical for figures, playful for
    games and quizzes).
  - No ui.Header and no title block: the sentence above the widget is its title.
    If it needs a label, one short ui.Text or the heading of a ui.Section.
  - At most two ui.Section children. Prefer a ui.MetricGroup of two or three
    ui.Stat for the result, then the input controls, then at most one
    ui.ActionBar with one primary button.
  - Prefer direct controls for the inputs: ui.IntField for a count or amount,
    ui.Slider for a range, ui.Select for a choice among a few, ui.Toggle for
    yes or no, ui.TimeField for a time. A ui.TextField only when the person
    must type words.
  - Use ui.Progress for a ratio and a ui.Timeline for a short sequence.
  - A countdown or a running clock uses a ui.Ticker and counts from the clock,
    not from the number of ticks.
  - Do not add a ui.EmptyState, a ui.InsetBanner or a ui.Badge unless the line
    asks for that state. Do not invent counters, totals or statuses the person
    did not ask for and the program cannot measure: "times used" and "last
    change" with made-up values are worse than nothing.
  - When the line asks for the phone to do something, look it up with the
    tools above and put the action on a button. Show what the phone answered
    in one ui.Text under the button, or an InsetBanner only for a refusal.

Money and other decimals. Components hold whole numbers, so keep an amount as
int cents in the state and show it only through a helper, never as the raw int
("$2248" for 22.48 is a bug):
  function money(cents: int): string {
    let rest: int = cents % 100;
    let pad: string = "";
    if (rest < 10) { pad = "0"; }
    return "$" + ui.intToString(cents / 100) + "." + pad + ui.intToString(rest);
  }
Put the result of money() in the value of a ui.Stat, not in a ui.IntStat. An
input that holds cents says so in its label, and the starting value is the
amount the line gave you times 100 (187.40 is 18740). A percentage is a plain
int. Check the arithmetic against the numbers in the line before you finish: the
tip on 187.40 at 12% is 22.48, and the widget must show exactly that at start.
